README.md, before:

# Tilt Five Tools

![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/godotvr/TiltFiveTools?style=plastic)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/godotvr/TiltFiveTools?style=plastic)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/godotvr/TiltFiveTools?style=plastic)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/godotvr/TiltFiveTools?style=plastic)

This repository contains a number of support files and support scenes that can be used
together with the [TiltFiveGodot4](https://github.com/GodotVR/TiltFiveGodot4) plugin to
create Tilt Five games.


## How to Use

The [Asset README](./addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md) contains:
- [General Concepts](./addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md#general-concepts)
- [Tool Components](./addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md#tilt-five-tool-components)
- [Frequently Asked Questions](./addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md#faq)


## Demo

This repository contains a basic demo of the Tilt Five Tools features.


## Licensing

Code in this repository is licensed under the MIT license.
Images are licensed under CC0 unless otherwise specified.


## About this repository

This repository is primarily maintained by:
- [Bastiaan Olij](https://github.com/BastiaanOlij/)
- [Malcolm Nixon](https://github.com/Malcolmnixon/)
- [Patrick Down](https://github.com/PatrickDown)

For further contributors please see the [CONTRIBUTORS.md](./CONTRIBUTORS.md)

Commit message:

Add C# version or TiltFiveTools
This PR reorganizes the folder and adds the C# version of TiltFiveTools.

README.md, after:

# Tilt Five Tools

![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/godotvr/TiltFiveTools?style=plastic)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/godotvr/TiltFiveTools?style=plastic)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/godotvr/TiltFiveTools?style=plastic)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/godotvr/TiltFiveTools?style=plastic)

This repository contains a number of support files and support scenes that can be used
together with the [TiltFiveGodot4](https://github.com/GodotVR/TiltFiveGodot4) plugin to
create Tilt Five games.


## Language support

Tilt Five Tools has both gdscript and .NET versions with the same features.


## How to Use (GDScript)

The [Asset README](./project.gd/addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md) contains:
- [General Concepts](./project.gd/addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md#general-concepts)
- [Tool Components](./project.gd/addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md#tilt-five-tool-components)
- [Frequently Asked Questions](./project.gd/addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md#faq)


## How to Use (.NET)

The [Asset README](./project.csharp/addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md) contains:
- [General Concepts](./project.csharp/addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md#general-concepts)
- [Tool Components](./project.csharp/addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md#tilt-five-tool-components)
- [Frequently Asked Questions](./project.csharp/addons/tiltfive_tools/README.md#faq)


## Licensing

Code in this repository is licensed under the MIT license.
Images are licensed under CC0 unless otherwise specified.


## About this repository

This repository is primarily maintained by:
- [Bastiaan Olij](https://github.com/BastiaanOlij/)
- [Malcolm Nixon](https://github.com/Malcolmnixon/)
- [Patrick Down](https://github.com/PatrickDown)

For further contributors please see the [CONTRIBUTORS.md](./CONTRIBUTORS.md)
